updates to CI java http server tutorial (#182)
harness/developer-hub: tutorials/shared/dockerhub-connector-includes.md

> 1. Expand the **Project Setup** menu on the left, then select **Connectors**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the left pane, expand the **Project Setup**, and then select **Connectors**.
```

> 2. Click **+ New Connector**, and then select **Docker Registry**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **+ New Connector**, and then select **Docker Registry**.
```

> 3. In the **Name** field, enter `Docker Hub`, and then select **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Name** field, enter **Docker Hub**, and then select **Continue**.
```

> 4. In the **Docker Registry URL** field, enter `https://index.docker.io/v2/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the **Docker Registry URL** field, enter **https://index.docker.io/v2/**.
```

5. For **Provider Type**, select **DockerHub**.
6. In the **Username** field, enter your Docker Hub username.

> 7. In the **Password** field, select **Create or Select a Secret**. Follow the prompts to add your Docker Hub access token, then click **Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In the **Password** field, select **Create or Select a Secret**. Follow the prompts to add your Docker Hub access token, and then click **Continue**.
```

> 8. At the next screen, select **Connect through Harness Platform**, then select **Save and Continue**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. At the next screen, select **Connect through Harness Platform**, and then select **Save and Continue**.
```

> 9. Harness will perform a validation test, then click **Finish**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. After Harness performs a validation test, select **Finish**.
```

> 10. In your list of connectors, note the ID of the connector that you just created. If you named the connecotr `Docker Hub`, the ID should be `Docker_Hub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. In your list of connectors, note the ID of the connector that you just created. If you named the connector `Docker Hub`, the ID should be `Docker_Hub`.
```
